I'm afraid a stranger in the black seed
and I'm walking up inside I got pictures
got Kenny
take it to the star
in heaven no one
be foolish not to tell
just away
what about this
but there we are absolutely Marvin what
a reception okay Craig what do you think
the energy in that was amazing
interlocking says absolutely brilliant
and anything going wrong in that
particular album a ssin and you'd
probably end up you know in a plastic
are once again brilliant some very
complicated sensational shimming
absolutely fantastic and it proved that
new with those menacing spins and drops
are our worth while perfect person to be
in this final
thank you I'm the same when I see late
I'm gonna be very sure oh I loved
yourselves the last time you danced it
and for me that was just a net scrotum
better than the last time
we're short because ever what else you'd
say roon it well this salsa shakes their
winter blues away sounds pretty good and
everybody even your friends like okay
have all the right ingredients
Craig Revel Horwood 9